`azurerm_monitor_workspace` - add `private_endpoint_connections` export to resource and data source (#27902)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/monitor_workspace.html.markdown

- `tags` - A mapping of tags that are assigned to the Workspace.

- `private_endpoint_connections` - A list of `private_endpoint_connections` blocks as described below.

---

> a `private_endpoint_connections` block exports the following:
> 
> - `name` - The name of the private endpoint connection.
> - `id` - The ID of the private endpoint connection.
> - `group_ids` - A list of group ID's (sometimes called subresource names) that this private endpoint connection allws access to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `private_endpoint_connections` block exports the following:

- `name` - The name of the private endpoint connection.

- `id` - The ID of the private endpoint connection.

- `group_ids` - A list of group IDs (sometimes called subresource names) that this private endpoint connection allows access to.
```
